Update nodejs-debugging.md (#6307)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging.md

![Add Configuration button](images/nodejs-debugging/add-configuration-button.png)

The following snippets are available:

* **Launch Program**: Launch a Node.js program in debug mode.

> * **Launch via npm**: Launch a Node.js program through an npm 'debug' script. If you have defined an npm debug script in your package.json, you can use it directly from your launch configuration. Make sure that the debug port used in the npm script, corresponds to the port specified in the snippet.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Launch via npm**: Launch a Node.js program through an npm 'debug' script. You directly use an npm debug script that has been defined in your package.json from your launch configuration. The debug port used in the npm script must correspond to the port specified in the snippet.
```

node --inspect-brk program.js
```

> Your options to attach the debugger to your program:

Author: ```suggestion
Options to attach the debugger to your program:
```

}
```

> To avoid to enter a new process ID in the launch configuration, Node debug supports a command variable `PickProcess` that will open the process picker (from above).

Reviewer: Suggest: "To avoid repeatedly entering a new process ID in the launch configuration,..."

Reviewer: Updated in follow up PR https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-docs/pull/6339

1. When pressing **Stop** for the first time, the debuggee is requested to shut down gracefully by sending a `SIGINT` signal. The debuggee is free to intercept this signal and clean up anything as necessary and then shut down. If there are no breakpoints (or problems) in that shutdown code, the debuggee and the debug session will terminate.

2. However, if the debugger hits a breakpoint in the shutdown code or if the debuggee does not terminate properly by itself, then the debug session will not end. In this case, pressing **Stop** again will force terminate the debuggee and its child processes (`SIGKILL`).

If you see that a debug session doesn't end when you press the red **Stop** button, then press the button again to force a shutdown of the debuggee.

> On Windows, pressing **Stop** always forcibly kills the debuggee and its child processes.

Author: ```suggestion
On Windows, pressing **Stop** forcibly kills the debuggee and its child processes.
```

## Source maps

The JavaScript debugger of VS Code supports source maps that help debugging of transpiled languages, for example, TypeScript or minified/uglified JavaScript. With source maps, it's possible to single step through or set breakpoints in the original source. If no source map exists for the original source, or if the source map is broken and cannot successfully map between the source and the generated JavaScript, then breakpoints show up as unverified (gray hollow circles).

> The `sourceMaps` attribute that defaults to `true` controles the source map feature. The debugger always tries to use source maps (if it can find any) and as a consequence, you can even specify a source file (for example, app.ts) with the `program` attribute. If you need to disable source maps for some reason, you can set the `sourceMaps` attribute to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
The `sourceMaps` attribute that defaults to `true` controls the source map feature. The debugger always tries to use source maps (if it can find any) and as a consequence, you can even specify a source file (for example, app.ts) with the `program` attribute. If you need to disable source maps for some reason, you can set the `sourceMaps` attribute to `false`.
```
